---
layout: post
title: Getting started with Uphold
categories: artists
tags:
  - artists
  - web-monetisation
author: Simon
---

[Uphold](https://uphold.com/) is the service we're currently recommending to use to receive your Coil payments. Other services [are out there](https://webmonetization.org/docs/ilp-wallets) but Uphold works well & lets you draw down into a UK bank account. It's a good service with a nice mobile app alongside its homepage. We have noticed some peoples accounts taking a while to verify.

To receive payment from Coil subscribers coming to the site you need to have a digital waller with an ILP. Uphold will give you one of these, but it's not as obvious as it could be, so we thought it would be worth writing up the steps.

**Important:** you do not need to give Uphold any money to set up a wallet with an ILP!

## Already have a wallet?

If you've already got a wallet, log into [your Uphold account dashboard](https://wallet.uphold.com/dashboard), click on the wallet you want to receive payment to & then the "kebab" menu in the top right to get the ILP address:

{% include image.html file="uphold5.png" alt="ILP for an existing wallet" %}

Then copy the payment pointer and [send it to us](mailto:signup@audiotarky.com) to put on your profile.

## New account, new wallet

Once in [your Uphold account dashboard](https://wallet.uphold.com/dashboard), on the right hand side you should see:

{% include image.html file="uphold1.png" alt="transact" %}

Click on From and then scroll down, you should see Interledger in there under Other Networks:

{% include image.html file="uphold2.png" alt="Select Interledger from Other Networks" %}

Click that, then choose the currency/asset you want to receive in:

{% include image.html file="uphold3.png" alt="Pick your asset" %}

You can receive payment on Uphold in Euro, Dollars, "assets" like silver in this example, or a digital currency. If choosing a digital currency (cryptocurrency) like XRP or Bitcoin for your wallet, be aware that digital currencies can change value significantly and quickly. You may want to regularly transfer your payments to your national currency card or draw them down into your bank account.

Then copy the payment pointer and [send that over to us](mailto:signup@audiotarky.com) to put on your profile:

{% include image.html file="uphold4.png" alt="Lets use silver receive in" %}
